W C Fields	A joke is a very serious thing.
Winston Churchill	Always and never are two words you should always remember never to use.
Wendell Johnson	Always be sincere, even when you don't mean it.
Irene Peter	First, I have the privilege of being Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee. It is not an oxymoron I assure you.
Pat Roberts	Hegel was right when he said that we learn from history that man can never learn anything from history.
George Bernard Shaw	I always advise people never to give advice.
P G Wodehouse	I always avoid prophesying beforehand because it is much better to prophesy after the event has already taken place.
Winston Churchill	I am a deeply superficial person.
Andy Warhol	I can believe anything, provided that it is quite incredible.
Oscar Wilde	I can resist everything but temptation.
Oscar Wilde	I distinctly remember forgetting that.
Clara Barton	I find nothing more depressing than optimism.
Paul Fussell	I hate people but I love gatherings.
Edna St Vincent Millay	I have a terrible memory. I never forget a thing.
Unknown	I keep telling myself that i am a pathological liar but i am not sure if i believe it
Edith Konecky	I love humanity, but I hate people.
Edna St Vincent Millay	I never liked you, and I always will.
Samuel Goldwyn	I never said most of the things I said.
Yogi Berra	I take it that a successful therapy is an oxymoron.
Harold Bloom	If I could drop dead right now, I'd be the happiest man alive.
Samuel Goldwyn	If you fall and break your legs, don't come running to me.
Samuel Goldwyn	It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
Mark Twain	Live within your income, even if you have to borrow to do so.
Josh Billings	Of course I can keep secrets. It's the people I tell them to that can't keep them.
Anthony HadenGuest	Responsible Drinking? Now that's an Oxymoron.
Aaron Howard	She used to diet on any kind of food she could lay her hands on.
Arthur Baer	Simplicity is not a simple thing.
Charles Chaplin	The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep.
Donald Trump	The budget was unlimited, but I exceeded it.
Steinbeck	The building was pretty ugly and a little big for its surroundings.
Mark Twain	The coldest winter I ever spent was a summer in San Francisco.
Lao Tzu	To lead the people, walk behind them.
Isaac B Singer	We must believe in free will. We have no choice.
Yogi Berra	Why don't you pair ‘em up in threes?
Dolly Parton	You'd be surprised how much it costs to look this cheap.
Samuel Goldwyn	i never liked you and i always will
Terje Mathisen	All programming is an exercise in caching.
Donald Knuth	Software is hard.
Mark Twain	They did not know it was impossible, so they did it!
Unknown	Nothing is more permanent than a temporary solution.
Pablo Picasso	Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
Alan Perlis	Simplicity does not precede complexity, but follows it.
