Your entrance is ever a segue to endless lands of derision.
Your successful diet could mean countless pounds shed for the planet.
Your face is like an imperfectly shaven tennis ball.
Your woes provide the mechanism for  cylidrical reasoning.
May you always be as vivid as your hallucinations.
Your skin emanates such a porcelain sheen that I am  tempted to stamp WC under your bosom and acros s your armpits.
His majesty's caravan is as compelling as your temper.
When faced with scathing winds and torrents pouring forth stain, your mind thinks cleverly to the l eprous angels found in all train crashes.
Your dainty nostrils flare with the humblest grandiosity  of an ant swallowing a water buffalo.
In your presence even my shadow acquires the sensation of touch.
Your mother once had eyes that shone like the legs of Mae West.
Your tears evoke a taste as memorable as honey.
Madam! How your enormous foreskin shades me from the sun!
May clinging breasts always come to your aid in the kitchen.
So precisely, your head fits into the smallest of diameters.
Your eyelids refract the turgid limnations of an eel trapped in flickering cinematographic paralysi s.
I love your eyes, but only with ketchup.
Ah! how the play of light upon your shoulders does bring one to reminisce of fallen lighthorsemen a nd gaseous trenches.
Ever do you remind me of a staircase falling exotically into a sea of spilled macaroni.
Your pendulous thorax makes cellists envious of the rotund sounds emanating from your nose in D min or.
Your eyes flash upon my cathode ray flesh in a manner that propels my  viscera into an eternal stat e of turgid flux.
The shape of your ears is the totality of bedpans in a fit of cholera.
Your Hands do the work of 10,000 highly trained lesbian jumping beans.
Your aquiline senescence implores me to generalize within the relms of a starfish's lifelong hallucinations of gelatin pools and of actuaries floating upon the Rhine.
You blink thrice warned that I can but think of the eyebrows of Richard Nixon covering a hostess of furry twinkies.
Madame, your implement is admonishing me!
You breath as delicately as vapors of methane flowing towards  an attractive flame.
A kitten's growl would not come near the plights of your spoken voice.
Your face does bend even the most anorexic mirror into a sensuous playground of muscular spasms.
You are the swordfish that will never shower.
Its a far far better thing I do than to require that you find me a hammer and pummel me with all due diligence.
You enter while seven exits.
A suburban distance lying across your chest, a purpled frock befitting the asphyxiated, cans of lima beans upon your knees, you are truly a goddess of disturbed tranquility!
Your pendulous thorax makes cellists envious of the rotund sounds emanating from your nose in D minor.
Your raw sensuality flusters me as the dog sneezes into the  ventilation fan.
Your brilliant hematoma does beguile the natives.
Your eyes are much like milky pools of pantyhose.
Your wit, your teeth, your pasty reflection can but incorporate freely into the powerful surface of a disintegrating mirror set afloat upon a swarm of locusts.
In caressing your follicles I am only vaguely reminded of  the bitter harvest.
May you always have stables of horses to service your needs.
Tabulate your monger. You will be well-flayed for the effort!
You are the Ayatollah of Confusion on the night of Dival&iacute;.
You have the vocabulary of an aspidistra in panic.
Your eyes are like spheres of glue filled with shimmering worms.
The perils of your eyelashes torture my libido into a state of crass  belief in Roman Catholicism.
Your hair sends forth a sheen remniscent of a wounded man streaming bandage gauze from the highest church steeple.
Your cleverness ferments meat without the need of oxygen.
Wallets of fur would bombard a triassic keychain rather than  dialyse in your equable fishtank.
You are the sound of one lip kissing.
Beauty is cataplexed in contemplation of your multidimensional effervescence.
Where it not for the dizzy whiptail ambivalence of your crumbling fleece, I could never contemplate the ways of so many merchant  bankers in heat.
In your presence even a batallion of body builders could pass the New  York State driving exam.
Wend you not to wreak annihilable havoc with my tumefascent transmitters and turgid devices.
Never align yourself too much with the Listerine salesman.
Ever do I seek the elusive flexures of your large intestine.
Ringworm sleeps comfortably around your umbilicus.
Your intelligence attains the grand summation of molecular motion at absolute zero.
Your higher cerebrations are most post-mortem.
Your affluent effluent drives even the most zeal-minded to imbibe.
A Latvian in pain could not attain your Gibraltar-mending squeals.
Madam, what a handsome moustashe you wear!
Your dandruff falls like the fixtures within a scenic railway passing through a thousand bearded rainbows...
You turn the atmosphere wild with currents of vitriol when you smile at the passing insects.
Fighting for the liberty of the fruit tree tastes nothing like the glint of sagittarius rounding itself around your uvula. I know the time will soon arrive when we will see people manufactured in crates and seives of glass.
Were giraffe's antennae to sprout from your barnacled elbows, one could but weep for the pretense of a fallen chamber pot.
Rearing in quaffed monk, you stun me by employing eight windows when the priest is but iodine.
If I were to combine your blood, toes, and hair, it might not  be you, but it would be enough for my basic desires.
Your presence reminds one of a blind jackal, eternally dependent upon misguided archbishops to provide instruction in bowling.
I find your eye sockets to be a wondrous amusement park of neo-plastic pleasures and oncogenic delights.
Ever do your tears shed forth an peal of epidermal thunder!
You mutter such objects of equine delight that the mind's ability to sew slices of mordant ivory becomes tamed with visions of Tamils in Constantinople.
Your brother's chicken coop is as abundunt as the home port of the U.S. Navy's Sixth Fleet.
You reflections bear a turgidity that rends naked glass.
I do sense a complete and utter vaccuum in the space between your auricles.
Teacups smash, flounders ignite spontaneously in your presence.
Your nose hair is pleasingly twisted with the roots of a bristlecone  pine that is so precariously perched on the side of a cliff it may easily  uproot and fall upon the Republican lobbyists below.
Anathema comes ever to mind when thinking of you.
Your legs are like threads of cotton, though much thicker, and filled with weevils.
Tensile congratulations on your conceptual development of obliterative existence!
EAT SPASMOTIC RICE!It beguiles and will improve your complexion.
The phase of your hallucinations reminds me of those balmy days when the championship mould was breeding, when the fish were long, and so  were the valued floats of men we drank through narrow straws...
Convexion sees between your eyes. Herds of gazelle concave at your feet!
Your mobile calluses massage even the most scarred of surfaces.
Your eyelids refract the turgid limnations of an eel trapped in flickering cinematographic paralysis.
Tus ojos me piden agarrarte por el cuello y exprimirlo.
Oh!, how you inflict me with wounds of paranoia and desire.
Eyes like scars dimple your ears.
Certainly your trout are more proseperous to vaccuum than the flying coachmen of Czar Nicholai!
When faced with scathing winds and torrents pouring forth stain, your mind thinks cleverly to the leprous angels found in all train crashes.
Your sunburnt skin is as beautiful as gangrenous flesh peeled from an  amputated limb.
Be still, my love, my watermelon rind. I am consumed with your collection of agile fans and pocked blades.
The quietness of a manhole cover cannot compare with the wild vapours of nylon I sense in your larynx.
You have the patience of a trilobite.
Your pharyngeal hair tickles the divine underbelly of my terrestrial erector set with saponifying liquors.
In hunger you most certainly drool pendulums of sinusoids and wounded mosques.
Your fingers are as divine as the pope's nostril hair.
Suffer, for you are toasting the Marzipan!.. (..and may I upon pretense ring latent tintinabulations for your Andalusian raisins!)
Your eyebrows are as verdantly forrested as the woodworms of my most sombre dreams.
You look like someone who has lunched poorly and who has no expectations for dinner.
You are more beautiful than a bouquet of fossils.The goats you buy shed a perfume that makes Marxism so terribly clear to me.
You foment graciously, as ever any dying monster did rot.
Your ear-splitting sequels have a mind of their own.
The limpidity of your objections ever motivates my hunger.
Demonize your sofa. It will lend forth more peanuts between the cushions.
Your fingers sublimate into volcanic gases with the slightest cooling touch from the antennae of a passing lyre.
Your teeth are as soft as liquid stones poured from an aquamarine vase of solidifying flesh.
Most certainly, your fingernails stimulate magnetism in the most organic of solvents!
Your fingers staple pine nuts into everything you touch.
'Lo, EUREKA,' I yelled into the cat, 'Thou art truly laborious and divergent. My nose bleeds for your impending encounter with the front fender of a Mercedes Benz.'
The sisters of St. Cathode ask that you cover yourself with filaments and take pains to make yourself fully incandescent this evening.
Your elbow patches rumble with a fear reminiscent of mayonnaise  cradled in scotchguard.
Sir, you have most exquisite breasts.
Troglodyte kidneys measure sardonic spasms not unlike  the movements of an albatross buried in creosote.
You have been blessed with the egregious qualities of a duffle-bag in His Majesty's Royal Navy.
You wear your breasts like a man with an  uncontrollable bulge in his apartment.
As the bile slowly rises in my incandescent eluxulator, your mere presence has a calming effect upon my rabies.
I would sing by an aria of pain to your endearments and wiles.
You meander through love as a river delta contemplating levitation.
You do but seize my motor fixtures into a likeness not unlike the moon.
You look like a million paces tonight.
If you behave there will be cake for the miscreants we call your brothers.
Wheals and boils come forth as testament to your fine sense of haut couture.
Flies dance operas to your wisdom.
You are as frightful as an engine developed solely for the countenance of sexual inuendo by country music.
Your timeless negligence has a way of arousing my palliative inuendo.
Your moist towelette speaks to me in lather as the disgruntled post  man listens attentively in Yidish, pumping only an iron to the mini-van.
May your succulent earlobes ever flap about my knees like a thousand wooden pigeons fleeing the local sawmill.
You are truly a wristwatch in a world of lumps.
I relentlessly desire your custard tongue between my eyelids.
The seared runes crossing your divided consciousness do speak of contemptuous cardinals setting a spanish villa ablaze.
Your mucuous membranes glisten with the glow of reactions in the act of regurgitation.
Your soul contains all that is found in insects, pigs and vermin.
Thine right eye so plitherates that thine left eye doth graze uopn it.
If you were a camel your humps would be esoterically bald from overuse.
You are as orange as a congeleen afro curled around the bony edges of a silver spoon expressing its innermost desires for a lime-based detergent.
Timepieces could not know your age.
Your intelligence is equal to the smoothness of a walnut shell.
How beautiful is the snowshine in your eyes, so directly current from the static in your brain.
Your nasal linings will last as long as the skin of rocks, thrust enigmatically upon a distant shorline of mating beetles.
I should welcome flagellation by your ovoviviparous torso.
Fast blinking reveals the true visage of time pieces hidden within your eyes.
I surmise that your basement is made of skin and is never depleted of nurses.
Such meals that you cook! Certainly your kitchen is overrun with pestilence and vermin!
Tabulate your monger. You will be well-flayed for the effort!You are as frightful as an engine developed solely for the countenance of sexual inuendo by country music.You are the swordfish that will never shower.Your intelligence attains the grand summation of molecular motion at absolute zero.Madame, your implement is admonishing me!You blink thrice warned that I can but think of the eyebrows of Richard Nixon covering a hostess of furry twinkies.Flies dance operas to your wisdom.Legions of Communists worship your robust cannabalism of Capitalists  clad in junk mail suits.Thine right eye so plitherates that thine left eye doth graze uopn it.A Latvian in pain could not attain your Gibraltar-mending squeals.You cannot compare with the apex of a ferris wheel, nor the nadir of a ditch filled with a coelocanth's droppings.You are a banana moon subverting the sun.Send me your hang nails. With great eagerness I will knit them into divine papal integuments.Your raw sensuality flusters me as the dog sneezes into the  ventilation fan.I relentlessly desire your custard tongue between my eyelids.Ever would one thank the very ground upon which you walk that your blossoming feet be never engaged.Optical delusions still themselves when you pass by in convexing pomp and sacral tranceYour arms lengthen daily like the edges of a festering table.Ever do your tears shed forth an peal of epidermal thunder!May you ever have naked women to toss tiny pickels  an coo in oblivious delight at your witty urbane opener of foreign post.The phase of your hallucinations reminds me of those balmy days when the championship mould was breeding, when the fish were long, and so  were the valued floats of men we drank through narrow straws...Your intelligence is equal to the smoothness of a walnut shell.Your eyes show as many deep and full shades of blue as a healing bruise upon an injured forelimb.Your nose hairs scare me.As the bile slowly rises in my incandescent eluxulator, your mere presence has a calming effect upon my rabies.Its a far far better thing I do than to require that you find me a hammer and pummel me with all due diligence.Be still, my love, my watermelon rind. I am consumed with your collection of agile fans and pocked blades.Your pendulous thorax makes cellists envious of the rotund sounds emanating from your nose in D minor.The shape of your ears is the totality of bedpans in a fit of cholera.Rearing in quaffed monk, you stun me by employing eight windows when the priest is but iodine.Your eyes glow like naked livers burning in the sun.Tus ojos me piden agarrarte por el cuello y exprimirlo.Your legs are like threads of cotton, though much thicker, and filled with weevils.When faced with scathing winds and torrents pouring forth stain, your mind thinks cleverly to the leprous angels found in all train crashes.Your intelligence attains the grand summation of molecular motion at absolute zero.You so truly know your inner plankton, it is a revelation not unlike discovering an impacted toll booth upon the plains of Patagonia.I should welcome flagellation by your ovoviviparous torso.The goats you buy shed a perfume that makes Marxism so terribly clear to me.You are the Ayatollah of Confusion on the night of Dival&iacute;.The tiny sounds of ancient bees resound forth from the forrested coercions between your toes.Your mucuous membranes glisten with the glow of reactions in the act of regurgitation.I do sense a complete and utter vaccuum in the space between your auricles.How lovely is your curdled priest!Your presence reminds one of a blind jackal, eternally dependent upon misguided archbishops to provide instruction in bowling.Your sunburnt skin is as beautiful as gangrenous flesh peeled from an  amputated limb.Wallets of fur would bombard a triassic keychain rather than  dialyse in your equable fishtank.I do sense a complete and utter vaccuum in the space between your auricles.Your ideas are as fresh and new as an agatized stromatolite.Never was a man so badly meant to wear corrective glasses.How beautiful is the snowshine in your eyes, so directly current from the static in your brain.Many sausages have known things before you had time to react.Ah! how the play of light upon your shoulders does bring one to reminisce of fallen lighthorsemen and gaseous trenches.Your eyes glow like naked livers burning in the sun.I find your eye sockets to be a wondrous amusement park of neo-plastic pleasures and oncogenic delights.In your absence I find other forms of amusement.The holes in your earloabs ever make me think fondly of the pock-marked landscapes upon the lunar surface.Your higher coritcal centers ever send forth ignorant bliss and immortal contaigon.Flies dance operas to your wisdom.I find your eye sockets to be a wondrous amusement park of neo-plastic pleasures and oncogenic delights.The quietness of a manhole cover cannot compare with the wild vapours of nylon I sense in your larynx.Beauty is cataplexed in contemplation of your multidimensional effervescence.The limpidity of your objections ever motivates my hunger.As the bile slowly rises in my incandescent eluxulator, your mere presence has a calming effect upon my rabies.Luminescence breeds in your finest moments of desperation.Your mobile calluses massage even the most scarred of surfaces.Your dashingly colored toupee twists my right boot into a state of ennui with the speed and dexterity of many lemon meringue-coated conquistadors.Thine right eye so plitherates that thine left eye doth graze uopn it.You are as effective as a linear geometry based upon the Maginot Line.Your eyes are much like milky pools of pantyhose.Never pet your dog when it is on fire.Certainly your trout are more proseperous to vaccuum than the flying coachmen of Czar Nicholai!You are truly a wristwatch in a world of lumps.In your absence I find other forms of amusement.The dimples of your breasts do pucker evocatively when you smile.Certainly your trout are more proseperous to vaccuum than the flying coachmen of Czar Nicholai!You hail the calves as eloquently as any facade of Easter Island.I love your eyes, but only with ketchup.I relentlessly desire your custard tongue between my eyelids.123
You move with the eloquence of disintegrating fuselage.
Sausage casings are not the intended consequence of fashionable dress.
Your eyes shine with the greed of a misplaced tea strainer.
Your eyes flash upon my cathode ray flesh in a manner that propels my  viscera into an eternal state of turgid flux.
Your sweet voice is like the snap of a bra strap upon a sun burnt back.
Your dashingly colored toupee twists my right boot into a state of ennui with the speed and dexterity of many lemon meringue-coated conquistadors.
Your presence puts me in a truly albino mood.
You cannot compare with the apex of a ferris wheel, nor the nadir of a ditch filled with a coelocanth's droppings.
If seen on a disintegrating smokestack, your eyelashes would certainly compell even a wayward band of masticating cod into a feverish frenzy.
You are a banana moon subverting the sun.
The tiny sounds of ancient bees resound forth from the forrested coercions between your toes.
Cretins and vermin cannot compare with the depths of your cousins.
Hermaphrodites around the galaxy desire that you turn your rock and crochet bowl to its loudest setting.
My pathological scar desires to cite poetry through the ruddied  girth of your soul!
You wear your ears well, true to the testament of loose fitting flesh.
The ocean's foam matches the froth of hair streaming through your lips.
Sir, what exquisite breasts you have!
You are as truthful as a Communist in the streets of Milan.
You are as effective as a linear geometry based upon the Maginot Line.
Your love is like 1000 caucasian carnivores playing mumblety peg with  an eggplant.
The expanse of your intelligence is a void no universe could ever fill.
Never was a man so badly meant to wear corrective glasses.
Woe is me, for I must forever more huddle, unminded, in the dark shadow of thine undeserved engine of procreation.
Your higher coritcal centers ever send forth ignorant bliss and immortal contaigon.
Sound barricades itself into rolls of peautbutter when you speak.
Ah! how the play of light upon your shoulders does bring one to reminisce of fallen lighthorsemen and gaseous trenches.
Give me your hand that I may want of your broken nails.
How lovely is your curdled priest!
My eyelids belch with effluvial afterthoughts when you tease me with gelatin and congealed chicken rinds.
Your petulance is seduction unto extinction.
You are more beautiful than a bouquet of fossils.
You hail the calves as eloquently as any facade of Easter Island.
Fear not the earl lest I had conquered him and peopled else this isle with Calibans.
How can I help but use your eyes as a means for self-asphyxiation?
In your absence I find other forms of amusement.
The expansion (and resultant rapid cooling) of your consecrated culotte sings the golden turnip with the mulatto touch-typist in my pants.
My elbow sockets sharpen pencils when you pass by on divine fumes of  industrial combustion.
The glow of your teeth exudes the courage of raw liver.
Luminescence breeds in your finest moments of desperation.
The dimples of your breasts do pucker evocatively when you smile.
The holes in your earloabs ever make me think fondly of the pock-marked landscapes upon the lunar surface.
Transistors bridge where your vanity would never go.
You do dine so emergently that sanguine trepidation overcomes the house-staff.
May your shit always sport dog on the bottom of your shoe.
Bleed me! My memory is fried with your pork!
Tribes of primitve hunters, with rhinestone codpieces rampant, should build pyra mids of Chevy engines covered in butterscotch syrup to exalt the diastolic, inef fable, scintillated and cacophonous salamander of truth which slimes and distracts  from each and every orifice of your holy refrigerator, Sears be its brand.
I must demand your pleasing chin! How it passes there and back again like a leopard searching for its misplaced frontal lobes.
The Green Paint on the Walls Clouds my Thoughts of Flying Planks of Wood, Much  An ocean-going tin of crosseyed mussels could never match the melodious burblings of your sister's husband.
ENGINEER YOUR AUNT! Do it! You will be grateful for having done so. Yolutsky promises to cease diddling with your ears.
The spark of intelligence in your blinking eyes is not unlike the glow from the teeth of an electrocuted axe-murderess.
I would gladly eat chamberpots of your sickled beans and thalassemic rice.
Your ideas are as fresh and new as an agatized stromatolite.
Send me your hang nails. With great eagerness I will knit them into divine papal integuments.
Legions of Communists worship your robust cannabalism of Capitalists  clad in junk mail suits.
Seven donkeys and a concubine cannot compare with the tarnished sheen left in your path of combustion.
Entranced by the bitter harmony of your lips, I gaze beyond reason to find the oasis of your ruptured soul.
So charmingly heathen, your skin is like a teardrop on a popsickle.
I would beg to see your arms raised in calcification towards the expanding horizon as the minutemen stand before me with their phallic gums aimed and loaded..
Softly seething, surreal breathing.. Ignite the cannon with sphagnum lanthum.. Laud the armies of diphthongs with your superannuating Diphtheria.. And I will ever be your combustive tablature of igneous geometries.
Many sausages have known things before you had time to react.
Your eyes show as many deep and full shades of blue as a healing bruise upon an injured forelimb.
Never pet your dog when it is on fire.
Thine integral refractions upon a lump of coal exhibit multiple  pulmonary geysers.
Optical delusions still themselves when you pass by in convexing pomp and sacral trance
Your hair is reminiscent of a self-digesting yak in heat.
May bathtubs overflow upon your offspring.
You are as dazzling as a pregnant cow attired in electrical sockets.
You have the intrepid appeal of a carnivorous apple on its way to a pile of cadaveric stones.
You have not yet reached the height of your depravity.
What beautiful negligence you wear!
Your beautiful bulgarian bricks stack like the thousand eyes of Estonian  potatos, peering amid fuzzy dreams of corrugated cardboard.
Your nose hairs scare me.
Your skin emanates such a porcelain sheen that I am  tempted to stamp WC under your bosom and across your armpits.
Your skin sheds forth so that I endlessly crave pans of fried baclava.
You so truly know your inner plankton, it is a revelation not unlike discovering an impacted toll booth upon the plains of Patagonia.
Dustmites the world over love you for your feet.
Cry for the stiffness of the earlobe. The turtles are fallen and the rain stands still. How long must I suffer with your undergarments?
Garbage bins would be seventh with ivy to hold your face under a stone.
Ever would one thank the very ground upon which you walk that your blossoming feet be never engaged.
Your layers of absinthe and torsion form concretions of hyperalimentation.
You salivate strongly, like a platoon of army engineers  trapped in a fit of malaria.
You have no socially redeeming value.
Sir, you've broken your water.... may I get you a new glass?
You ever remind me of the enigma of postage not sent.
The goats you buy shed a perfume that makes Marxism so terribly clear to me.
I see your loves in cloves.